  # Reflection week 3
  ## What have i learnt this week?
	
	This week allowed me to thoroughly build on my previous knowledge of systems and models from the other workshops. To also being able to add different areas about networks. I learnt about the dynamic and evolving nature of systems and how they have boundaries and different parts. As systems are defined by their interrelationships, functionality and potential which can be affected when one system is taken away from another. These boundaries can be macro and micro e.g. A pool vs. An ocean this size is very different. I also enjoyed learning about the different fundamental modes of interaction including exponential growth, goal setting and oscillation demonstrating how systems interact with each other. 


	## What insights have i gained?
	Through learning this theory, it was also very interesting to watch a video at the end of the lesson which put together all the different theories and information that we had learnt. And to see it being used and applied to a real life example, this was particularly interesting to see big business' taking action. 
	
	## What are my strengths/ weakness' that i have observed 
	Similarly to other weeks, I have found a strength in my learning habits through doing the pre work early and before the commencement of the lesson. This makes it much easier for me to retain the information as the tutor is talking about it, rather than learning it for the first time. Which helps enhance my understanding and learning abilities across these topics.
	
	I have also found cross over with some of the theory in this class with the other subjects that I have been doing. Which makes it easier to understand and expand my knowledge as well as previous subjects that i have done. Such as learning about nodes and network formations. 
	
However I have become less motivated to write my reflections after class, as my schedule for the second half of the week is fairly busy. But I am trying to do this earlier even if it means planning the reflection after class and then writing it later in the week. As this is a very important life skill and learning tool that is necessary. 
