  # *Reflection week 3
  ## What have i learnt this week?
 
	I have applied previous knowledge about models from last weeks workshop, to be able to build on the new examples and applications in this weeks learning materials. It was very interesting looking at the different models of signalling which identify various conditions under which people send costly signals to reveal information or their type. This can look at things such as conspicuous consumption entailing what other people think of us and what we consume signals our status to others e.g. Buying an expensive car. Whereas cost signalling looks at the meaning or significance that a person attaches to something which is felt in direct proportion to the expense at which it is communicated. This can include hidden action and information by people which is only demonstrated through outcomes. 
	
	## What do i now know that i did not before?
	Particularly looking at value and power it was interesting to see these different measures as well as cooperative games to assist with this. The last on the bus value looks at the actor's marginal contribution given that the group has already formed. Whereas shapely value looks at the actor's average marginal contribution across all possible sequences of adding people to a group. 
	
	As well as problem solving the process of perspectives → Heuristics → Team diversity → Recombination = Innovation was a process that was interesting to read about and understand. 
	
	## What were the challenges i have encountered or observed and how well did I/ my team handle them?
	We have just formed groups for upcoming group and team assignments, i am in a team of four. One of the girls I have worked with previously in another subject last semester however I have never met her, but I know that we work fairly well together and get along. It will be a challenge working together with the two other girls later in the semester as I don't really know anything about them as a person or their abilities. But as the weeks go buy hopefully we can organise well and achieve tasks. We have established a communication group and platform as well which is a good progressing start.
